what is going on you guys it is John
Howell 168 here welcome back to the
draft challenge tournament now today
I've got ffs you atl not not the college
but actually youtuber it's not
pronounced pursue at all either it does
you ate to you don't do that so he's
here with me it is the second video if
you didn't see the first ray this is the
losers bracket by the way we all fails
our town hall pneus of 10 and now we're
loser bracket trying to struggle our way
out and yeah so that's what's going on
the first raid was on his channel this
is the second rate definitely go check
it out if you haven't seen that yet cuz
net I can't let you know where we are
unless you check that out so here we go
I what do you got going for you alright
alright I got a lava l'union cooked up
in my army camps I got for lava hounds
15 minions in 18 balloons it's pretty
and I got a ton of hey spells I
mean I don't even know why I drafted
that but a nine hey spells and one light
not try to make that work it's the one
lightning spell it's just if that's what
does it so over here I've got the
witches the golems the wall breakers and
earthquake spell and the freeze spell so
that that is what's that's what's going
on so let's go ahead and jump into the
raid and see who can come out on top of
the losers bracket
all right i got 1 your opponent's okay
all right all right the 11 cups
going for it that's you found it well
yeah it's matt completely maxed out
level 40 heroes yeah got it yeah let's
go all right this guy's asian so we had
stuff in clinic oh so he's gonna have
haha that's true though it's bed okay
all right this is this is good um kill
from throw from the bottom let's go from
the bottom boys let's go for the bottom
boys and girls yes let's throw a golem
there throw one over here and let's
throw one at the bottom there okay cool
let's throw down one of these we're
gonna have to haste there now we're
going to have to earthquake okay wait
wait that everything you guys you should
be you should be checking this out it
goes it gets pretty crazy boom boom okay
that's what's up let's drop the witches
do we chase so suck ass oh my god here
we go there they go you got the inferno
towers just laying down a bunch of fire
so we gotta we gotta stop that oh
god damn it you have a chin so let's go
all right i just got to make sure my
mistake last time is my king and queen
just went all in the wrong direction so
i think i've opened over the base enough
guys we're gonna start heading in he is
go in the right direction very good very
good okay listen me of me close it's the
only clothes who second our detail it's
gonna be close hi since you were just
being totally mean about telling what
you were doing last time I'm just not
gonna I just cannot tell you no no come
on tell me tell me tell me taught no no
maybe I actually haven't found a base
yet i'm still in the club are you
kidding me no no okay i was about the
place hey i have about a base that's the
thing alright um how can I in this
raid up damn alright
um I think I might attack them over
there but I could attack them over there
I'm gonna go from here nope wait so you
didn't find a base and you just know i
found a base I've been attacking for the
best like minute okay thank it is so
confusing right there goes the king's
ability it goes damn what should I do
there goes go go oh the witches no ok
I'm running that time god damn I
just stare to the base or like a full
minute ok uh hey so on the Queen all
right Kings ability Kings ability oh oh
oh oh oh yeah we got the star ok you got
a star no I got the three star just now
ok home are you kidding that would be
crazy Mon Queen get some more percentage
come on which fights you oh my god
you like weights pumping the expo come
on Ken the which clutch it Ken the which
clutch it ladies and gentlemen well my
rate is done Wow all right I'm not you
proud that can make me speculate about
what just happened oh it's no she's not
gonna do it oh come on babe come on oh
oh that's bad that's fine all right what
percentage you do you get I'm afraid to
say it I mean it's just say it I mean
it's like it's what's over it's over
fifty four percent alright that's good
that's shoot I think you might have
still one okay I got seventy four
percent are we going to do some man i'll
do some mats what did you get latter
time on the line with us 68 so i'm gonna
tell my final score first my final score
is going oh whoa i multiply it off okay
that any wonder was so I ok ah 68 + 54
god damn it stupid calculator let's do
some calculator guys check re 122 is my
final swimming too ok so I got 46 plus
74 is 120 yeah oh snap oh that was so
close that's the closest one yet son of
a bitch wow that was I mean if you're
gonna go down that's okay without make a
clutch man you gotta make a clutch well
you should not it's your after the
goblins you know
I should have I mean that would really
helped me really so smart dude oh my
gosh all right I do that next time for
sure yeah for sure for sure all right
guys well that's gonna wrap it up for
today that is the losers bracket of the
draft challenge tournament if you did
enjoyed be sure to check out FSU's
channel as well as all the other people
in the you know the glam the thing yeah
whatever it is their own the description
and yeah be sure to leave a like comment
and I'll see you all next time